Oregon State junior Travis Bazzana earned his first preseason All-America nod this week. It likely won't be his last. The Beavers' starting second baseman was named a preseason All-American by Perfect Game on Thursday, the first of several individual accolades he figures to garner ahead of the 2024 college baseball season. Bazzana was named to several All-American teams as a sophomore, including the Baseball America third team and the Collegiate Baseball second team, and he is expected to bloom into one of the best players in college baseball this season. Multiple MLB Draft experts are projecting the player from Sydney, Australia, to be selected among the top five picks in this year's draft. "It's obviously nice to get positive feedback for what I've been doing," Bazzana said last fall, when asked about his draft projections. "I kind of just use it as, all right, now that's motivation for me to go out and be the best player I can be." Bazzana had one of the best all-around seasons in Oregon State history last season, when he batted .374, with 11 home runs, 20 doubles, 78 runs scored and 55 RBIs. He also finished with the most stolen bases (36) and third-most walks (59) in program history. Afterward, Bazzana blew up over the summer, earning MVP honors and winning the batting title at the prestigious Cape Cod Baseball League. He hit .375 with six home runs and 14 stolen bases in the wood bat league that features a bevy of the best college baseball players in the United States. While the performance sent his draft stock soaring, it hardly surprised Bazzana. "That went about as expected," Bazzana said last fall. "I expect pretty high things from myself all the time. And I went in there with the goal of being the best hitter in the league. I don't know, that's just the way I was thinking." What will he do for an encore? Oregon State fans are about a month away from finding out. The Beavers open practice for the 2023 season later this month, then play their first game on Feb. 16 in Surprise, Arizona. College baseball preseason polls have not yet been released, but Oregon State could land a spot in the top 10. The Beavers return six players from their final starting lineup last season and coach Mitch Canham bolstered his roster with a talented freshman class and key additions from the transfer portal. Some in the program, including Bazzana, say it could be the Beavers' deepest roster in Canham's five seasons as coach.